that UFOs are limited to this country
they often people ask me how come I
never hear about UFOs in other parts of
the world how can we only hear about
UFOs in America well UFOs are not an
American phenomenon they are a worldwide
phenomenon that's one of their most
dramatic characteristics the first major
wave of sightings and sightings tend to
come in very intense series over a
couple of months over a given region of
the world the first such major wave
occurred over Scandinavia in 1946 there
was a major wave in this country in 1947
mainly in the western states and then
they have been waves in the u.s. in 1950
1952 and so on and there have been
intense concentrations of sightings in
Africa in Latin America in Mexico in the
Soviet Union in the people's republic of
china australia new zealand and on and
on and on i don't know of any single
country that has not had a series of UFO
sightings may 1975 manitoba canada
unidentified flying objects have been
reported over the small town of carmen
the objects have been seen by many
witnesses over a period of several weeks
may thirteen 1975 cameramen Alan Carr of
station CKY in Manitoba photographs to
separate sightings over common in front
of four witnesses the first sighting
occurs at approximately ten-thirty p.m.
the object appears to be stationary just
about the ground then almost
simultaneous with a flash which appears
in the sky the object moves north at
blinding speed only when the film is
later analyzed in slow motion the scar
realize what he has captured
photographically approximately an hour
later a second sighting occurred the
object appears over a group of trains
and moves from left to right at an
apparently low relative altitude to the
horizon
again slow motion analysis provides a
fascinating study of this unexplained
event on june thirtieth 1973 zombie
gourd the Astrophysical Institute flew
over cha de Bourgh d-concord packed full
of scientists and scientific apparatus
at seventeen thousand meters altitude in
the twilight of a total eclipse mr. B go
photograph the horizons camera when the
photo was enlarged one of the slides
showed what you're not staying if you
look closely at this photograph it
resembles exactly what has been cited by
many Americans during nineteen 73 and 74
although NASA takes no official position
as to the UFO phenomenon and their
probable explanation nevertheless there
remains on the record several
unexplainable sightings by Gemini Apollo
and Skylab astronauts the first sighting
occurred in Gemini 4
in June of 1965 as Roger McDivitt
suddenly spotted a cylindrical object
with Barnes and antenna and when seen
against the day sky it appeared white or
silvery the object then appeared to be
moving toward the craft suddenly they
lost sight of it during the sighting the
astronauts were able to take these
photographs and movie films of the UFO
Joan I five later that year after three
days and five hours into their mission
were contacted by Houston control center
advising the astronauts that Houston had
picked up and was tracking another
object which was pacing Gemini across
the entire United States they estimated
the UFO between two thousand and ten
thousand yards from the craft and as
large as the Gemini craft itself because
of the limitations of viewing area board
their capsule no visual contact was made
radar continued to track the object
until they passed the ascension islands
in the Atlantic it then disappeared
Gemini 10 crew Collins and young picked
up objects traveling together in orbit a
positive identification has the date not
been made this for who was taken during
a Gemini 11 flight early 18th revolution
27 hours and 47 minutes after liftoff
September 13 1966 this UFO was tracked
visually and recorded unfilmed by the
crew and is truly considered
unidentified by the photo interpretation
experts at NASA perhaps the strongest
most spectacular of all the sightings
took place aboard Apollo 11 and its
weight of them